Brother General, His Majesty has a request?
What's the matter? Let Lord Shangguan speak in person
Okay.
Since you are invited
Then let's go together
Yang Er
Come with me. Yes
Meet your majesty
It seems that this is not small
Everyone who can talk is here
Our army is at war with Dachu
Soldiers approach the city
have a slight advantage
The opposing soldiers found that they could not defeat
Just close the city
I plan to spend it with my army
And here's the thing.
The two armies were at war for a long time
Many corpses
In addition, it has been rainy for nearly a dozen days
There is a plague in the army
Although our army dealt with it in time
But the soldiers in the army died of the plague
The bishop, General Sun, preached that I want to temporarily withdraw from the three armies
I came to the recruitment committee today
I'm going to ask your opinion
Your Majesty Chen Delan has discussed before
Dachu is vast and sparsely populated
City sharp
If we attack
The price must be not small
In addition to that
No one else
My former soldiers came to the city
Can we only withdraw?
Cui Xinghe
Why don't you
Gong Chengnan Shouyi
About the plague
It's about Xiaoke
Don't talk nonsense
Your Majesty's subjects have no way for a while
dignified champion talent
Usually full of state theory
It's hard to be responsible at the important moment
Your Majesty, although there is no way
But the lamb was tall enough for the priest to worship
Maybe he can do it now
Why don't you ask him?
You lamb can do it again
Do you still understand Ding Fang?
An inadvertent word
I will make you lose everything
What's wrong with you in high love?
Your Majesty, my son does not understand the art of war
As required
The old minister wishes to go in armor
This attack on Dachu
So sad and cold
It seems that our army is approaching the city for a small victory
If you retreat at this time, it will be a great defeat
Can only let go
Dad really doesn't understand the art of war
But how the child goes depends on
Your Majesty Dust has a note
Perhaps it will be passed down for His Majesty through the ages
Dust this side
Maybe a little poisonous
Is someone in the camp infected with the plague?
Must deal with the corpse
And the enemy can't shrink to dust and think it's safe
General Sun will infect the only corpse
Throw in with a catapult
In the city
There are only two options left for the soldiers in the enemy city
Pull out of town until repel two
It couldn't be made and was affected by the plague
As a result, the whole process was infected with the plague